all right what about teenagers and do
you feel that life was better in say the
1950s so he'd understand what it was
like in those days um you've seen happy
days I don't know people always say
don't they all people say oh you know
it's about 50 things like it was for cos
it was an old man being old isn't great
is it so you just stopped here with you
a lot I suppose I was a PA starting
about 1984 was free and happy
how old were you don't know it's just
counting with his fingers 12 right okay
and it was just good so the happiest
days of your life were between the age
of 12 and 13 yeah it was good I had the
world ahead of me mmm little did you
know your hair was gonna fall out and
you're gonna win every minute of the day
help me bike I'm messing about my bike
now you may had a pet magpie so you were
probably the teenager that you
eventually hate probably will you good
lad law-abiding I wasn't bad I just sort
of you know just potted about I mean
when people talked about what was on the
telly back then I don't have that much
memory because I was always I was always
playing out what were you doing when
you're out
just playing about just like on a bike
or just riding in a circle endlessly
failure blizzard rain sleet fail I never
seem to be in there was always when
everyone always goes where were you when
band aid was happening was always out me
bike and everything with you McGregor
memories always sort of like coming in
for some orange and looking at the telly
insane Princess Diana's getting married
and me monsters have you seen this one
going on going out me bike I was always
doing never stopped but this is what
I've been a kids about half car is as
though you've cleaned a huge smile on a
fight blow out one day oh don't talk
stupid ma'am it was easy
so yeah 12 to 13 was good but you see it
was all downhill from there was it 13
teenager the night life got tough yeah
how did it get tough just straight away
when I was 13 my mum was like you know
oh it's you 13
you're a teenager now and she gave us a
quid to get a cake to celebrate it
whence the supermarket got okay can I
just thought I don't want to look at
this don't like the look at the way the
future is their state was kind of like I
don't know Emily felt grown up I didn't
like it but I think you're always about
58 really with your outlook well yeah my
mom always said that was old she there
was an old baby she said I could frown
before I could walk same what she's
always listening to me eyes move about
more than I did
somewhere looking around looking
stressed
well can't walk why are trying get a bit
movement in my face so work out a baby
work out Oh babies what if you can't
walk what about your face let your face
do the walking sounds like that horror
film
it sounds like Pilkington's baby yes you
lying there in your court I don't like
all the stuff that set up for you like
need me Mom tried to send me to nursery
I said I'll go but let's leave out this
bit I think not man I mean kids don't
play out to be kids you know parents are
scared to let the kids play out and
that's why the streets are dangerous now
because no one's playing out on the
streets was when I was a kid everyone
was out on the streets the streets were
safer there was more people knocking
about really what the kids play out it
must be a constant like a larry painting
is from Garland do not I mean I was sort
of taken away by some fella I was
playing about in the garden yeah but we
don't made Tony yeah he did tiling with
him Ezreal passed and he saw me look a
bit federal so he just learnt over pick
now the thing is it wasn't coming people
weren't going oh god where's Karl gone
he's out just just our players take the
pub he's down a pub with Tony probably
played dance
sorry so some blue drives fire happens
to be a friend of your dad's thinks that
baby looks grumpy yeah that's what you
bring in a baby's a pub well that's what
I'm saying
whereas now they go the baby's gone
there's a big farm panic going I think
this is more about your parents they
didn't just go down the pub done
princess to Hannah look lovely this is
absurd so when you got a new pop I just
was there for a bit and then yeah I
think things were better about them